EA - test

Hi guys -- just to let you know I am linked as a collaborator now.  note: When writing to a text file on GitHub
use line breaks or your whole comment will appear on one long line.  //Jim

(EA) I thought app 1 was extremely interesting, the way they showed the word frequencies as used by the instructors
and how the frequency of those words changed overtime. There were a lot of interesting trends to be seen with words
having to do with modern technology increasing overtime while words having to do with religion going down
in frequency overtime.

(KW)After looking at App 3: Inmates By Length of Sentence, I found it interesting how from the demographic 
data tab, many of the inmates were single, from the United States, and  Male. In the "Moral Instructor Notes" 
tab, it's clear that the inmates became involved in religion since the biggest word in the word cloud is 
religious and sunday. From the discharge notes, the word that stood out to me was "hope". It's clear that 
those that were being discharged were hopeful for the future. Lastly, from the "Crime and Place" tab, 
larceny was the top charge given to inmates. The map on the right shows that Philadelphia was mainly where 
charges were prosecuted. After looking through the data in the repo, I found that 553 charges were given in 
Philadelphia and these charges ranged from larceny, burglary, murder, and robbery. (Karen Wong KW)
  - (EA) Awesome notes, Karen! I also thought the fact that larceny was the top charge was interesting.
  - (EA) I would want to know more about the gender differences between the inmates overtime

(FB) Looking through App 1: Word Frequencies, I was interested in how the frequency of certain words used 
by the "Moral Instructors" changed over time. I thought observations by these instructors could give an insight 
into the way the Eastern State changed, from an institution that focused on "penitence" to a more typical prison 
as they had to accommodate more inmates. Surely, there is a visible trend with the use of words such as "religion" 
which steadily decreased in Corpus A (Male, all), and rapidly increased then decreased in Corpus B (Female, all). 
Similarly, the words used by the Moral Instructors show that there may have been some biases when dealing with 
certain inmates. Similarly, the use of the "Lord" decreased overtime. (Fernanda Brizuela, FB)
  - (EA) Great notes, Fernanda! I looked at the same app you looked at and also noticed the religious-dominant words
  that steadily decreased over time, I assume as the prison class become more religiously diverse.

(FB) I found it interesting that Karen also paid a lot of attention to the notes by the "Moral Instructors." 
The main words point to similar themes that I found, such as religion and Sunday.
I think hope also follows the theme of religion and spirituality. 
It was also interesting to read her conclusions from the charges data, which points out to most of the charges stemming from stealing in varying degrees. (Fernanda Brizuela)

(JE) The prevalence of "religion" and related words suggests that even though the Moral Instructors were meant to be
moral rather than theological guides, the whole milieu was deeply Christian.  "Jesus" and "Christ" are both frequent 
words; "Moses"appears only once; "allah" and "prophet," never.
